Packs 3 1 (#1057)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/06-integrations/00-microk8s.md

---
title: 'MicroK8s'
metaTitle: 'MicroK8s Integration with Palette'
metaDescription: 'MicroK8s pack in Palette'
hiddenFromNav: true
isIntegration: true
category: ["kubernetes"]
logoUrl: 'https://registry.spectrocloud.com/v1/kubernetes-microk8s/blobs/sha256:b971b64f62e2e67b0a166316f96e6f4211aacea6e28459bb89275e8882ade985?type=image/png'
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';
import PointsOfInterest from 'shared/components/common/PointOfInterest';
import Tooltip from "shared/components/ui/Tooltip";

# MicroK8s Overview

MicroK8s is a Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) certified upstream Kubernetes deployment that runs entirely on your workstation or edge device. It runs all Kubernetes services natively without virtual machines and packs all the required libraries and binaries.

## Prerequisites

- One of the following Ubuntu environments to run commands:
    - 22.04 LTS
    - 20.04 LTS
    - 18.04 LTS 
    - 16.04 LTS
    
    Or another operating system that supports snapd.

> - At least 20G of disk space and 4G of memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At least 20 GB of disk space and 4 GB of memory.
```

Author: Fixed
